Pardon me?
That old man is the Dragon King
The dead god made me offend the Dragon King
Break my Zhao family's way of life
I won't let them go.
Hurry up and go to the Hall of Heavenly Kings to find your uncle
Except for your uncle's old age
Practice three years ago
The imperial teacher who has been named a hero by the king
Although he has no knowledge of the world
But today, no matter what the Zhao family does
Won't stand by
You must find him and avenge me
Grandpa
When the old man was in seclusion, you told the world
Anyone who lifts your veil will be Fan Fu Liang Xu
Just now you said that woman has no eyes.
Do you want to go back on it?
I remember now.
You were the one who pointed out marriage for me in the first place
Hahahaha
Exactly.
Xiao Yanwood dragon body jade unveils your veil again
It's all destiny
You want me to marry him?
But the woman just said
He's not even a man
Let me emphasize.
I only feel it when I have a car accident.
Since it is destiny
Do you want to lose your trust in the world?